blog(embertimes16): emberfest virtual hello (#740)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-08-14-the-ember-times-issue-160.md

---

## [EmberFest: Share your virtual Hello with us! 🐹](https://mailchi.mp/a241158d3c66/welcome-to-the-line-up-of-emberfest-6442608?e=7124c8fef8)

> [EmberFest](http://emberfest.eu/) the European EmberJS conference, is [skipping](https://twitter.com/EmberFest/status/1263453851459497984) this year’s conference due to COVID-19. The organizers of the conference are looking for people who are interested in sharing a personal message or a short Hello video with the rest of the attendees.

Reviewer: I added a link to the Mailchimp link (hopefully, it wasn't tagged with an identifier of me, heh) below.

```suggestion
[EmberFest](http://emberfest.eu/), the European EmberJS conference, is [skipping](https://twitter.com/EmberFest/status/1263453851459497984) this year’s conference due to COVID-19. However, the organizers of the conference are [looking for people](https://mailchi.mp/a241158d3c66/welcome-to-the-line-up-of-emberfest-6442608?e=7124c8fef8) who are interested in sharing a personal message or a short Hello video virtually.
```

If this sounds right up your alley you can [upload your video on Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/request/4YAbKdJmvD9E0yqjVsz4).

> Alternatively, if webcams aren’t your thing, maybe you have some fun video impressions from the past years that capture the spirit of the conference. EmberFest folk strolling through that year's city, at the dinner party, or while in transit; anything that reflects the EmberFest vibe and builds anticipation for our next in-person gathering is great and much appreciated!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if webcams aren’t your thing, maybe you have some fun video impressions from the past years that capture the spirit of the conference. Ember developers strolling through that year's city, at the dinner party, or while in transit. Anything that reflects the EmberFest vibe and builds anticipation for our next in-person gathering is great and much appreciated!
```
